# Megaminds, abstract evolution and the consistency machine,
aka how to build simulated realities

Mind uploading and simulated reality are the holy grail of science and technology. Mind uploading is the key to eternal life and gives godlike power in a new, "self-made" (simulated) reality. If you are not familiar with mind uploading, you can find here a short introduction.

Mind uploading is a computer simulation of the human brain. According to the present state of science, our brain is a network, built from inconceivably big amount of neurons, and our consciousness is the result of the operation of these neurons. There is no law of physics which prevent us to copy the operation of these neurons and build software which works the totally identical way as our brain does. Sounds easy, but it is a huge technological challenge. Maybe the biggest (but last) challenge in the history of the human kind. As a technological challenge, it is only a question of time when we will be able to solve it. Thanks to the exponential technologies like nanotechnology, brain scan, computer science, etc. it can be solved in a not too distant future.

> **Will we ever be able to build human level intelligence? The human brain is too complex to understand. We will never be able to do it...**
> *So, it is not needed to understand how the human brain works. We have to understand how the neurons and synapses work, and we need the technology to copy the structure of the human brain. Mind uploading is the key, how we can build human level intelligence without understanding of the human brain. This would be also the key for brain-machine interfaces. We don't have to understand the human brain to decode the signals. Thanks to big data and machine learning techniques, we only need a huge set of sample brain signals, what we can use to train a machine to read our mind. We won't understand how the algorithm works, and won't know anything about how our brain works, but we will be able to decode the brain signals, and build brain-machine interfaces.*